Dora drink the dinner if you think you
know door she'll grow out of it thank
again the Dora this isn't the jungle
it's high school it's life or death so
if I don't talk to you don't take a
person oh okay well it's trying to
survive high schools a horrible
nightmare
are you I'm glad you brought it I'm just
kidding I don't actually care we're on
to something big Dora an ancient city
made of gold we're gonna break some
loose we're coming with you Prima
oh look Dora brought a knife on the
field trip everybody
it's a jungle puzzle
the Jumbo is perfectly safe
yes
[Music]
seriously you had that in your backpack
too
Dora and the lost city of gold
[Music]
excuse me hey chili con carne with PG
you